c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\WebServiceMobileFichaje.dll.config
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\WebServiceMobileFichaje.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\WebServiceMobileFichaje.pdb
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\obj\Debug\WebServiceMobileFichaje.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\obj\Debug\WebServiceMobileFichaje.dll
c:\users\tinyterm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\obj\Debug\WebServiceMobileFichaje.pdb
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Unity.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.pdb
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.xml
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\cs\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\da\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\fa\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\fi\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\mk\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\zh-CN\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\MoreLinq.dll
C:\Users\TinyTerm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\MoreLinq.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\obj\Debug\WebServiceMobileFichaje.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\obj\Debug\WebServiceMobileFichaje.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\obj\Debug\WebServiceMobileFichaje.pdb
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\WebServiceMobileFichaje.dll.config
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\WebServiceMobileFichaje.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\WebServiceMobileFichaje.pdb
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\MoreLinq.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Unity.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.pdb
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\MoreLinq.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\cs\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\da\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\fa\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\fi\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\mk\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\zh-CN\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Desktop\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\WebServiceMobileFichaje.dll.config
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\WebServiceMobileFichaje.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\WebServiceMobileFichaje.pdb
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\MoreLinq.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Unity.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.pdb
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\FluentValidation.WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\MoreLinq.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\cs\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\da\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\fa\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\fi\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\mk\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\zh-CN\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\obj\Debug\WebServiceMobileFichaje.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\obj\Debug\WebServiceMobileFichaje.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\obj\Debug\WebServiceMobileFichaje.pdb
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
C:\Users\Pablo\Documents\WebServiceMobileFichaje\WebServiceMobileFichaje\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
